Fine, asking her to do this is one thing, but getting her to agree?
Well, I'd have a better chance of taking out the outcast single-handedly.
Leave that meal, man.
You should answer that. You haven't spoke to him in two years. It's time.
Daddy?
No, it's me. Hello, little wolf. What's wrong? Can't I get a ton, little wolf?
Say something. Not anything. Where's my father?
He's here.
Let me talk to him.
Nope.
You can't do that.
What do you want?
I didn't tell you.
He sold you off from my protection.
You're mine now.
It's not like that, Blake.
Over my dead body.
Let me speak with my daughter.
To speak with him, he did send you away.
He told everybody you were dead. And if I'm right, he hasn't tried to talk to you since.
Just put him on the phone.
Nat.
It was happening. What are you doing with him?
You've been it gone a long time, Nat. Things have changed.
There's a new army on their eyes. They call themselves the outcasts.
They're powerful. Determined.
We're coming under constant attack as they close in on our territory.
I have no choice. Out to marry.
Is he joking?
You mean I must marry a man who abandoned us?
Who tore apart our alliance when we needed him the most?
No. Thank you.
Tell ya.
Didn't take me so well, did she?